The wings are hard for you
I'll tell you what.
Tell me if you want to call him
You put the knife down first
Let's have something to talk about
I have nothing to say to you
You either call him
Or I will die to show you
I promise but
You have to promise me not to have any crooked thoughts
Especially Yun Xuewei can't be present
Don't be in a hurry to refuse
I know you're trying to fill a funding gap in your company
But you can talk to him tomorrow night.
After all, he and I are still husband and wife.
Maybe he will help us
Fine
I'll just listen to you once
Yibao, are you alright?
You remember what you promised me
I promise you tomorrow night at 7pm
Are you satisfied?
Don't worry about Xiaobao tonight, brother
A lot of times I wonder
Am I my mother's biological child?
Why is he dissatisfied with everything I do?
Don't worry.
Anyway, tomorrow you bring people home
Your mission is over
Tell Zhao Tianchuan again then.
Take the opportunity to divorce the marriage
At that time, he will no longer be able to compare to you
Only so